[develop-0.1] chore: backport CI changes from develop (#2123)
holochain/holochain: holonix/README.md

work.

more advanced customization features are now possible via the flake's native
input override feature.

as an exmaple, here is a _flake.nix_ that references a custom branch.

```nix=
{
  description = "Template for Holochain app development";

  inputs = {
    nixpkgs.follows = "holochain-flake/nixpkgs";

    holochain-flake = {
      url = "github:holochain/holochain";
      inputs.versions.url = "github:holochain/holochain/?dir=versions/0_1";
      inputs.holochain.url = "github:holochain/holochain/holochain-0.1.3";
    };
  };

  outputs = inputs @ { ... }:
    inputs.holochain-flake.inputs.flake-parts.lib.mkFlake
      {
        inherit inputs;
      }
      {
        systems = builtins.attrNames inputs.holochain-flake.devShells;
        perSystem =
          { config
          , pkgs
          , system
          , ...
          }: {
            devShells.default = pkgs.mkShell {
              inputsFrom = [ inputs.holochain-flake.devShells.${system}.holonix ];
              packages = with pkgs; [
                  # more packages go here
              ];
            };
          };
      };
}
```

> this exmaple would translate to the following CLI invocatin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this example would translate to the following CLI invocation
```
